WIP Performance (#3588)
snowflakedb/snowpark-python: CHANGELOG.md

#### New Features

#### Improvements

> - Hybrid execution row estimate improvements and a reduction of eager calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved row estimates and reduced eager queries in hybrid execution mode (PrPr).
```
